Security compliance purge humanreadable and context bug. (#12125)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/ReleaseNotes/1_8_13.md

#### Integrations
##### O365 - Security And Compliance - Content Search (beta)

> - Fixed an issue where the **get-search-action** didn't return results in context and human-readable for purge action type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***get-search-action*** command would not return results in the context and war room entry for the purge action type.
```
